I'll give you a lot of reasons why
people should come and see a shop it's
funny full of great cartels the music
score it produces the terrific effect
with with the steps
it's full of Spanish flavor and it's
very exotic very colourful and so you
got these matters you know from the
caves around and the knives on the floor
and the drinking and the fruit sellers
and the vendors you know all that all
those you know persona are there on the
stage the choreography for the coda
violence in this production is very
challenging
it's not about the principal characters
only it's a lot of dancing in it we're
involved all the time constantly they
call the valley
the second odd I'll go a little bit more
contemporary I'd go away from the
classical sort of manners of moving it
goes in keeping with this wildness
aspect of gypsies and some of these
careers are very challenging basically
because they know used to move that way
the reason why the design a team hardly
came into production
I need somebody will work with me and
bring the most fresh production and
up-to-date as possible
and he is not coming from a ballet
background which he willing in bringing
automatically a different perspective
you're going to submerge yourself plunge
yourself in this wonderful tan square
full of all these vendors and people and
you're going to lead with your heart
just soaring so it's just wonderful
ballet to see